## com.apple.onboarding.applecard

> `FileSystem/System/Library/OnBoardingBundles/com.apple.onboarding.applecard.bundle/AppleCard.loctable`

```diff

 en.BUTTON_CAPTION = "Your application information will be shared with Apple, Goldman Sachs, and an identity verification service for application processing, identity verification, and fraud prevention."
 en.BUTTON_TITLE = "See how your data is managed…"
 en.FIRST_BULLET = "Information you provide in your Apple Card application will be used by an Apple wholly owned subsidiary and Goldman Sachs and will be shared with third-party identity verification service providers to verify your identity and prevent fraud."
-en.FOOTER_TEXT = "Applying for Apple Card\n\nWhen you apply for Apple Card, your name, birth date, contact information, and device phone number are used by Apple and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch (“Goldman Sachs”) to verify your identity and to help prevent fraud. Goldman Sachs also uses this information to set up your account and for required due diligence. Goldman Sachs uses a third-party identity verification service provider to verify account owners’ partial or full Social Security number and country of citizenship; Apple does not read or store this information.\n\nIf more information is needed to verify your identity, you will be asked to scan your driver’s license or state-issued photo ID. The image of your photo ID is securely transferred to a third-party identity verification service provider to verify your identity and to prevent fraud. Apple does not read or store the image of your photo ID, but receives the name and address from your photo ID for identity verification to prevent Apple Card application fraud.\n\nYou will also be asked to provide an estimate of your annual income to Goldman Sachs to help them make a decision about whether to grant you credit and the amount of credit to grant. Apple does not read or store your annual income.\n\nYour application will not be submitted to Goldman Sachs for a credit decision until you accept the Apple Card terms and conditions. If Goldman Sachs needs additional information to process your application, information about your application will be stored on your device for up to 30 days. Apple collects where you may have paused in the application process and Apple or Goldman Sachs may contact you to remind you that you have an open application and to offer assistance.\n\nInformation about your coarse location at the time you submit your application is used by Apple and Goldman Sachs to prevent fraud if you have enabled Location Services. Just as when you add any payment method to Apple Pay, when you apply for or provision Apple Card, information about your device, such as whether certain device settings are enabled, and device use patterns (for example, percent of time device is in motion, or approximate number of calls per week) may be sent to Apple for identity verification and to prevent fraud. Apple may also receive information from your carrier about your application phone number to prevent fraud.\n\nYou may be eligible for certain Apple Card programs provided by Goldman Sachs based on the information provided as part of your application. Apple may know whether you receive the invitation to participate and whether you accept or decline the invitation, and may share that information with Goldman Sachs to effectuate the program. Apple will not know additional details about your participation in the program.\n\nProvisioning Apple Card\n\nInformation may also be provided by Apple to Goldman Sachs or Mastercard to enable and set up your Apple Card on Apple Pay, and to prevent fraud. The information shared is no different from when you provision any card with Apple Pay, and may include:\n\n• The name and billing address associated with your Apple Account\n• General information about your Apple Account, iTunes, and App Store account activity (for example, whether you have a long history of transactions within iTunes)\n• Information about your device and, if using Apple Watch, the paired iOS device (for example, a device identifier, phone number, and the name and model of your device)\n• Coarse location at the time you add your card (if you have Location Services enabled)\n• Account or device history of adding payment cards\n• Aggregated stats relating to the information from payment cards you’ve added or attempted to add to Apple Pay\n\nTo help you set up cards that you have, or have recently had, on other devices, Apple stores a card reference with your Apple Account that can be used with the card issuer or payment network to re-add the card after entering the security code. This Apple Pay feature is available with Apple Card.\n\nPaying with Apple Card\n\nWhen you begin a payment within an app, on the web, or within Apple Messages for Business using Apple Card, to enable tax and shipping cost calculation, your zip code, postal code, or other equivalent information is provided to the app, website, or merchant. After you authorize the payment, other information requested by the merchant, such as a device-specific account number, your shipping address, or email address, is also provided. The merchant may separately collect and use information about your transaction as described in their privacy policies, including information about your location at the time of transaction. To learn more about how to control access and use of your device location, visit Location Services \u0026 Privacy at www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/location-services.\n\nYour Apple Card number is not provided when you use Apple Pay. In order to securely transmit your payment information within apps, websites, and Apple Messages for Business, the information is sent to Apple in encrypted form, where it is briefly decrypted and reencrypted with a merchant-specific key, so that only the merchant, the developer, or their payment processor can decrypt your payment information. When you make a payment on a Mac to which a card cannot be added, the Mac and the authorizing device communicate over an encrypted channel via Apple servers. Apple does not retain any of this information in a form that personally identifies you.\n\nWhen you use Apple Card, our issuing bank and payment network partner — Goldman Sachs and Mastercard — and their service providers receive information about your transaction, including the merchant, time, and amount in order to operate Apple Card. Neither Goldman Sachs nor Mastercard share or sell your transaction information with third parties for advertising or marketing.\n\nApple delivers and stores individual transaction information in your Apple Account and keeps your transaction history up to date across your devices. Your transactions are stored in iCloud using end-to-end encryption, providing a high level of data security. Your data is protected with a key derived from information unique to your device, combined with your device passcode, which only you know. Your devices can access or read your transaction history, but Apple cannot access this information. Apple Card features that use your transaction history, like spending summaries, are created on-device.\n\nApple Card Family\n\nApple Card customers can share their Apple Card with eligible members of their iCloud Family Sharing group by inviting that member to be a Co-Owner or a Participant. Apple Card Family invitation status is available at any time by viewing the back of the Apple Card pass in Wallet. Wallet will alert Co-Owners and Participants at the time of invitation, when an offer is ready for review, and when a Co-Owner or Participant responds to an invitation or an offer, to help manage the invitation.\n\nCo-Owned Accounts: To add a Co-Owner, Apple Card customers must select the eligible Family Sharing group member that they would like to add to their account as a Co-Owner. Apple will send the selected Family Sharing group member an invitation to co-own and share the inviter’s Apple Card. Invitees that do not currently have an Apple Card account will need to provide application information as described above. Existing Apple Card customers will need to provide current income information to Goldman Sachs to allow them to evaluate the co-owned Apple Card credit line. Because both Co-Owners will become responsible for any existing Apple Card balances, existing balance information will be disclosed as part of the co-owned Apple Card offer terms. If a co-owned account is created, each Co-Owner may request access to information about historical transactions from the consolidated accounts by contacting Goldman Sachs; recent transactions will also be available on device. Apple will alert co-owned Apple Card applicants when their co-owned Apple Card offer is ready for review and when their potential Co-Owner responds to the offer terms. Co-Owners will each have access to information on all transactions on the account going forward. Balance details, including available credit, total balance, and credit limit will also be available to both Co-Owners.\n\nParticipant Accounts: To add a Participant, Apple Card Owners must select the eligible Family Sharing group member that they would like to add to their account as a Participant. Apple will use the information provided to send the Family Sharing group member an invitation to share the Owner’s Apple Card. If the Participant is under 18, the adult Owner will be asked to verify the Participant’s legal name and date of birth; if the Participant is 18 or over, the Participant will be asked to confirm their legal name, date of birth, and home address. If a Participant aged 18 or over would like to have information about the account added to their files with consumer reporting agencies, they can provide Goldman Sachs with their Social Security number when setting up their Participant account. Information provided as part of the Participant onboarding process will be encrypted to Goldman Sachs and stored by Apple until the Participant onboarding is complete or 30 days have passed. Completed Participant onboarding information will be sent along with the Owner’s and the Participant’s Apple Account to Goldman Sachs to set up and manage the Apple Card account, and to prevent fraud.\n\nOwners can choose to share balance details such as available credit, total balance, and credit limit with a Participant by going to the back of their Apple Card pass in Wallet, selecting the name of the Participant, and enabling Show Balance Details. Because Owners are responsible for all transactions contributing to the balance, they can view transaction activity for all other Owners or Participants, while Participants can only view their own transaction information. Owners may also select a transaction limit for the Participant, which can be changed at any time by going to the back of their Apple Card pass in Wallet, selecting the name of the Participant, and selecting Transaction Limit.\n\nNotifications: Owners can manage notifications about activity on Apple Card Family accounts by going to the back of their Apple Card pass in Wallet, selecting the name of the Co-Owner or Participant, and enabling or disabling Notifications. Owners may also choose to receive notifications only if certain thresholds are met, such as transactions over a certain dollar amount. Apple will use information about notification settings to manage notifications; notification settings will not be shared with others on the account. When transaction notifications are enabled, Owners will receive a push notification showing the date and time of the purchase, purchase amount, merchant, and location, if available. For notifications about Participants with transaction limits, the notification will also show the Participants’ total monthly spend.\n\nApple Card and Location\n\nWhen you use Apple Card with Apple Pay, information about the merchant and location is sent from your device to Apple Maps in a way that cannot be connected to you, in order to provide enhanced merchant information such as address and contact data. If you use the physical Apple Card, you will have the option to use your device’s location to help Apple Maps identify the correct merchant for the transaction. To help identify and prevent fraud, Apple may use location information tied to your use of Apple Card, such as when you order or replace a physical Apple Card or schedule a balance payment, if you have Location Services in Wallet enabled. Apple does not otherwise collect your location when you use Apple Card. For online transactions, when you pay with Apple Card, Goldman Sachs may receive location data from a third-party fraud-prevention service provider, which Goldman Sachs will use only for fraud-prevention purposes.\n\nApple Card and Analytics\n\nTo help improve Apple Card, Apple collects information about the Apple Card application process and the use of Apple Card features in the Wallet app and stores that information in a way that does not identify you personally. This information includes the time it takes to complete the application and what Apple Card features are most frequently used, such as the monthly activity view. Apple may also use this information to improve other Apple products and services, for marketing, and for fraud prevention and security purposes.\n\nApple may use information about your account with Apple, such as the fact that you have Apple Card, for internal research and analytics purposes, such as financial forecasting. Apple may also use information about your relationship with Apple, such as what Apple products you have purchased, how long you have had your Apple Account, and how often you transact with Apple, to improve Apple Card by helping to identify Apple metrics that may assist Goldman Sachs in improving credit decisioning. No personal data about your relationship with Apple will be shared with Goldman Sachs to identify the relevant Apple metrics. You can opt out of this use of your Apple relationship information by emailing our privacy team at dpo@apple.com with the subject line “Apple Relationship Data and Apple Card.” Applicants and cardholders may be able to choose to share the identified metrics with Goldman Sachs for reevaluation of their offer of credit or to increase their credit line.\n\nApple Card and Communications\n\nApple may use your Apple Card account status, such as whether you have applied for or have a current Apple Card account, to determine whether a message is relevant to you, including a marketing message. Apple may also send messages to your device, which may use information known to you and your device and not Apple, such as your transaction history and location, to help determine whether a message is relevant to you. For example, Apple may send a message to your device that is relevant to people who typically purchase travel. Apple does not need to know whether you purchased travel — your device can use your transaction history to decide whether the message is relevant to you. This helps to ensure that you receive relevant communications, while protecting your privacy. Apple does not know which messages you see on your device.\n\nAnonymous and aggregate information that cannot be tied to you may also be used for Apple Card marketing and other messaging. You can opt out of marketing messages by clicking the unsubscribe link in a marketing email or by turning off notifications for Apple Card.\n\nApple Apps and Websites Can Check if You Have Apple Card\n\nApple apps and websites that can check if you have Apple Pay enabled can also check if you have Apple Card. On iOS and in Safari, you can disable Apple apps and websites from checking if you have Apple Card by changing your settings. On iOS, go to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Safari and tap to turn off Check for Apple Pay. On Mac, go to Safari \u003e Settings \u003e Advanced and deselect “Allow websites to check for Apple Pay and Apple Card”.\n\nDaily Cash\n\nIf you have Apple Cash, your Apple Card Daily Cash disbursements are processed through Apple Payments Inc., a licensed money transmitter that is a subsidiary of Apple Payments Services LLC. You can learn more about how Apple Payments Inc. protects your privacy by opening Wallet, tapping your Apple Cash card, tapping the More button, then tapping “See how your data is managed.”\n\nApple Card Support\n\nIf you have questions about Apple Card, you can contact support through your Wallet app by initiating Messages. Apple will use any information you share, including personal data, to process your request. If your inquiry must be sent to Goldman Sachs for servicing, Apple will share information about you and your inquiry with Goldman Sachs so that they may better help you. Apple will not retain any personally identifiable financial information that it sends to Goldman Sachs for servicing. You can also contact support directly with questions by calling 877-255-5923.\n\nClosing Your Apple Card Account\n\nIf you close your Apple Card account, information about your Apple Card account will remain in Wallet until you remove Apple Card from the Wallet app.\n\nUpdating Your Information\n\nYou can update your billing address in Wallet by editing the details associated with your Apple Card. You can also update your Apple Card account information by contacting Goldman Sachs. Goldman Sachs may share updated Apple Card account information with Apple for purposes of providing Apple Card services.\n\nApple Line of Credit\n\nApple Line of Credit is a feature of Apple Card. If you apply for Apple Card on apple.com, you may be eligible for the Apple Line of Credit feature and Apple may process some of your information differently from how information is processed if you apply for Apple Card on an eligible Apple device.\n\nIf you apply for Apple Card on apple.com and are eligible for Apple Line of Credit, your application information will be collected and submitted through the web. Information about your application phone number rather than your device may be sent to Apple for identity verification and to prevent fraud. In addition, Apple will collect browser type and IP address at the time of application and Apple and Goldman Sachs will use the information to prevent fraud. If Goldman Sachs needs additional information to process your application, unlike when you apply for Apple Card on an eligible device, information about your application will not be stored on your device while additional information is provided. To help improve Apple Line of Credit, Apple collects information about the application process relating to the Apple Line of Credit feature of Apple Card.\n\nApple Line of Credit may be used to conduct transactions with Apple only. When paying with Apple Line of Credit, Apple uses your zip code or other equivalent information to enable tax and shipping cost calculation. Your virtual payment account number, shipping address, and email address may be used to process your transaction. Apple Line of Credit does not use precise location information.\n\nApple may communicate with you by email and through other channels you use to contact Apple. Unlike Apple Card, Apple will not send messages about Apple Line of Credit to your device using information known only to you and your device and not Apple. You may opt out of Apple Line of Credit marketing messages by clicking the unsubscribe link in a marketing email.\n\nIf you have questions about Apple Line of Credit, want to update your personal data, or to close your account, you can contact support by calling 877-255-5923. Support functionality by initiating Messages through Wallet app can be accessed after provisioning Apple Card to an eligible device.\n\nApple Card Web Portal\n\nYou can manage Apple Card and the Apple Line of Credit feature using the Apple Card web servicing portal by signing in to card.apple.com with your Apple Account. To make a payment, you may provide information about the bank account from which a payment will be made. This information is used only to process your payment. Apple will collect information about actions you take on the portal, such as whether you schedule or made a payment, and use that information to fulfill your request or for troubleshooting and similar. Apple may share certain information collected with Goldman Sachs where necessary to fulfill your request. Information about your use of the portal that cannot be linked to you may be used by Apple to improve Apple Card.\n\nMore Information\n\nApple may use your Apple Card-related information as required to comply with law or prevent fraud, even after you have closed your account. Apple may also share information about your relationship with Apple with our service providers, who are obligated to handle the information consistent with this notice and Apple instructions, are required to use reasonable security measures to protect any personal data received, and must delete the personal data as soon as they have completed the services unless retention is required by law.\n\nApple may share your information with Goldman Sachs as required by law and for fraud prevention. Apple may also receive Apple Card-related information about you from Goldman Sachs for fraud prevention purposes. You can learn more about how Goldman Sachs protects your personal information by reviewing their privacy policy, available at https://www.goldmansachs.com/privacy-and-cookies. Neither Apple nor its affiliates is a bank and this notice is in addition to any notices you may receive from Goldman Sachs.\n\nWhere Apple acts as a data controller with respect to the processing of personal data described in this notice, such activities are provided by Apple Payments Services LLC, an Apple wholly owned subsidiary, unless otherwise noted. By using Apple Card, you agree and consent to Apple’s and its subsidiaries’ and agents’ transmission, collection, maintenance, processing, and use of your information as described above.\n\nAt all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
+en.FOOTER_TEXT = "Applying for Apple Card\n\nWhen you apply for Apple Card, your name, birth date, contact information, and device phone number are used by Apple and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch (“Goldman Sachs”) to verify your identity and to help prevent fraud. Goldman Sachs also uses this information to set up your account and for required due diligence. Goldman Sachs uses a third-party identity verification service provider to verify account owners’ partial or full Social Security number and country of citizenship; Apple does not read or store this information.\n\nIf more information is needed to verify your identity, you will be asked to scan your driver’s license or state-issued photo ID. The image of your photo ID is securely transferred to a third-party identity verification service provider to verify your identity and to prevent fraud. Apple does not read or store the image of your photo ID, but receives the name and address from your photo ID for identity verification to prevent Apple Card application fraud.\n\nYou will also be asked to provide an estimate of your annual income to Goldman Sachs to help them make a decision about whether to grant you credit and the amount of credit to grant. Apple does not read or store your annual income.\n\nYour application will not be submitted to Goldman Sachs for a credit decision until you accept the Apple Card terms and conditions. If Goldman Sachs needs additional information to process your application, information about your application will be stored on your device for up to 30 days. Apple collects where you may have paused in the application process and Apple or Goldman Sachs may contact you to remind you that you have an open application and to offer assistance.\n\nInformation about your coarse location at the time you submit your application is used by Apple and Goldman Sachs to prevent fraud if you have enabled Location Services. Just as when you add any payment method to Apple Pay, when you apply for or provision Apple Card, information about your device, such as whether certain device settings are enabled, and device use patterns (for example, percent of time device is in motion, or approximate number of calls per week) may be sent to Apple for identity verification and to prevent fraud. Apple may also receive information from your carrier about your application phone number to prevent fraud.\n\nYou may be eligible for certain Apple Card programs provided by Goldman Sachs based on the information provided as part of your application. Apple may know whether you receive the invitation to participate and whether you accept or decline the invitation, and may share that information with Goldman Sachs to effectuate the program. Apple will not know additional details about your participation in the program.\n\nProvisioning Apple Card\n\nInformation may also be provided by Apple to Goldman Sachs or Mastercard to enable and set up your Apple Card on Apple Pay, and to prevent fraud. The information shared is no different from when you provision any card with Apple Pay, and may include:\n\n• The name and billing address associated with your Apple Account\n• General information about your Apple Account, iTunes, and App Store account activity (for example, whether you have a long history of transactions within iTunes)\n• Information about your device and, if using Apple Watch, the paired iOS device (for example, a device identifier, phone number, and the name and model of your device)\n• Coarse location at the time you add your card (if you have Location Services enabled)\n• Account or device history of adding payment cards\n• Aggregated stats relating to the information from payment cards you’ve added or attempted to add to Apple Pay\n\nTo help you set up cards that you have, or have recently had, on other devices, Apple stores a card reference with your Apple Account that can be used with the card issuer or payment network to re-add the card after entering the security code. This Apple Pay feature is available with Apple Card.\n\nPaying with Apple Card\n\nWhen you begin a payment within an app, on the web, or within Apple Messages for Business using Apple Card, to enable tax and shipping cost calculation, your zip code, postal code, or other equivalent information is provided to the app, website, or merchant. After you authorize the payment, other information requested by the merchant, such as a device-specific account number, your shipping address, or email address, is also provided. The merchant may separately collect and use information about your transaction as described in their privacy policies, including information about your location at the time of transaction. To learn more about how to control access and use of your device location, visit Location Services \u0026 Privacy at www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/location-services.\n\nYour Apple Card number is not provided when you use Apple Pay. In order to securely transmit your payment information within apps, websites, and Apple Messages for Business, the information is sent to Apple in encrypted form, where it is briefly decrypted and reencrypted with a merchant-specific key, so that only the merchant, the developer, or their payment processor can decrypt your payment information. When you make a payment on a Mac to which a card cannot be added, the Mac and the authorizing device communicate over an encrypted channel via Apple servers. Apple does not retain any of this information in a form that personally identifies you.\n\nWhen you use Apple Card, our issuing bank and payment network partner — Goldman Sachs and Mastercard — and their service providers receive information about your transaction, including the merchant, time, and amount in order to operate Apple Card. Neither Goldman Sachs nor Mastercard share or sell your transaction information with third parties for advertising or marketing.\n\nApple delivers and stores individual transaction information in your Apple Account and keeps your transaction history up to date across your devices. Your transactions are stored in iCloud using end-to-end encryption, providing a high level of data security. Your data is protected with a key derived from information unique to your device, combined with your device passcode, which only you know. Your devices can access or read your transaction history, but Apple cannot access this information. Apple Card features that use your transaction history, like spending summaries, are created on-device.\n\nApple Card Family\n\nApple Card customers can share their Apple Card with eligible members of their iCloud Family Sharing group by inviting that member to be a Co-Owner or a Participant. Apple Card Family invitation status is available at any time by viewing the back of the Apple Card pass in Wallet. Wallet will alert Co-Owners and Participants at the time of invitation, when an offer is ready for review, and when a Co-Owner or Participant responds to an invitation or an offer, to help manage the invitation.\n\nCo-Owned Accounts: To add a Co-Owner, Apple Card customers must select the eligible Family Sharing group member that they would like to add to their account as a Co-Owner. Apple will send the selected Family Sharing group member an invitation to co-own and share the inviter’s Apple Card. Invitees that do not currently have an Apple Card account will need to provide application information as described above. Existing Apple Card customers will need to provide current income information to Goldman Sachs to allow them to evaluate the co-owned Apple Card credit line. Because both Co-Owners will become responsible for any existing Apple Card balances, existing balance information will be disclosed as part of the co-owned Apple Card offer terms. If a co-owned account is created, each Co-Owner may request access to information about historical transactions from the consolidated accounts by contacting Goldman Sachs; recent transactions will also be available on device. Apple will alert co-owned Apple Card applicants when their co-owned Apple Card offer is ready for review and when their potential Co-Owner responds to the offer terms. Co-Owners will each have access to information on all transactions on the account going forward. Balance details, including available credit, total balance, and credit limit will also be available to both Co-Owners.\n\nParticipant Accounts: To add a Participant, Apple Card Owners must select the eligible Family Sharing group member that they would like to add to their account as a Participant. Apple will use the information provided to send the Family Sharing group member an invitation to share the Owner’s Apple Card. If the Participant is under 18, the adult Owner will be asked to verify the Participant’s legal name and date of birth; if the Participant is 18 or over, the Participant will be asked to confirm their legal name, date of birth, and home address. If a Participant aged 18 or over would like to have information about the account added to their files with consumer reporting agencies, they can provide Goldman Sachs with their Social Security number when setting up their Participant account. Information provided as part of the Participant onboarding process will be encrypted to Goldman Sachs and stored by Apple until the Participant onboarding is complete or 30 days have passed. Completed Participant onboarding information will be sent along with the Owner’s and the Participant’s Apple Account to Goldman Sachs to set up and manage the Apple Card account, and to prevent fraud.\n\nOwners can choose to share balance details such as available credit, total balance, and credit limit with a Participant by going to the back of their Apple Card pass in Wallet, selecting the name of the Participant, and enabling Show Balance Details. Because Owners are responsible for all transactions contributing to the balance, they can view transaction activity for all other Owners or Participants, while Participants can only view their own transaction information. Owners may also select a transaction limit for the Participant, which can be changed at any time by going to the back of their Apple Card pass in Wallet, selecting the name of the Participant, and selecting Transaction Limit.\n\nNotifications: Owners can manage notifications about activity on Apple Card Family accounts by going to the back of their Apple Card pass in Wallet, selecting the name of the Co-Owner or Participant, and enabling or disabling Notifications. Owners may also choose to receive notifications only if certain thresholds are met, such as transactions over a certain dollar amount. Apple will use information about notification settings to manage notifications; notification settings will not be shared with others on the account. When transaction notifications are enabled, Owners will receive a push notification showing the date and time of the purchase, purchase amount, merchant, and location, if available. For notifications about Participants with transaction limits, the notification will also show the Participants’ total monthly spend.\n\nApple Card and Location\n\nWhen you use Apple Card with Apple Pay, information about the merchant and location is sent from your device to Apple Maps in a way that cannot be connected to you, in order to provide enhanced merchant information such as address and contact data, and to add your visit to Visited Places. To learn more about Visited Places and how Apple Maps protects your privacy, visit Apple Maps \u0026 Privacy at www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-maps. If you use the physical Apple Card, you will have the option to use your device’s location to help Apple Maps identify the correct merchant for the transaction. To help identify and prevent fraud, Apple may use location information tied to your use of Apple Card, such as when you order or replace a physical Apple Card or schedule a balance payment, if you have Location Services in Wallet enabled. Apple does not otherwise collect your location when you use Apple Card. For online transactions, when you pay with Apple Card, Goldman Sachs may receive location data from a third-party fraud-prevention service provider, which Goldman Sachs will use only for fraud-prevention purposes.\n\nApple Card and Analytics\n\nTo help improve Apple Card, Apple collects information about the Apple Card application process and the use of Apple Card features in the Wallet app and stores that information in a way that does not identify you personally. This information includes the time it takes to complete the application and what Apple Card features are most frequently used, such as the monthly activity view. Apple may also use this information to improve other Apple products and services, for marketing, and for fraud prevention and security purposes.\n\nApple may use information about your account with Apple, such as the fact that you have Apple Card, for internal research and analytics purposes, such as financial forecasting. Apple may also use information about your relationship with Apple, such as what Apple products you have purchased, how long you have had your Apple Account, and how often you transact with Apple, to improve Apple Card by helping to identify Apple metrics that may assist Goldman Sachs in improving credit decisioning. No personal data about your relationship with Apple will be shared with Goldman Sachs to identify the relevant Apple metrics. You can opt out of this use of your Apple relationship information by emailing our privacy team at dpo@apple.com with the subject line “Apple Relationship Data and Apple Card.” Applicants and cardholders may be able to choose to share the identified metrics with Goldman Sachs for reevaluation of their offer of credit or to increase their credit line.\n\nApple Card and Communications\n\nApple may use your Apple Card account status, such as whether you have applied for or have a current Apple Card account, to determine whether a message is relevant to you, including a marketing message. Apple may also send messages to your device, which may use information known to you and your device and not Apple, such as your transaction history and location, to help determine whether a message is relevant to you. For example, Apple may send a message to your device that is relevant to people who typically purchase travel. Apple does not need to know whether you purchased travel — your device can use your transaction history to decide whether the message is relevant to you. This helps to ensure that you receive relevant communications, while protecting your privacy. Apple does not know which messages you see on your device.\n\nAnonymous and aggregate information that cannot be tied to you may also be used for Apple Card marketing and other messaging. You can opt out of marketing messages by clicking the unsubscribe link in a marketing email or by turning off notifications for Apple Card.\n\nApple Apps and Websites Can Check if You Have Apple Card\n\nApple apps and websites that can check if you have Apple Pay enabled can also check if you have Apple Card. On iOS and in Safari, you can disable Apple apps and websites from checking if you have Apple Card by changing your settings. On iOS, go to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Safari and tap to turn off Check for Apple Pay. On Mac, go to Safari \u003e Settings \u003e Advanced and deselect “Allow websites to check for Apple Pay and Apple Card”.\n\nDaily Cash\n\nIf you have Apple Cash, your Apple Card Daily Cash disbursements are processed through Apple Payments Inc., a licensed money transmitter that is a subsidiary of Apple Payments Services LLC. You can learn more about how Apple Payments Inc. protects your privacy by opening Wallet, tapping your Apple Cash card, tapping the More button, then tapping “See how your data is managed.”\n\nApple Card Support\n\nIf you have questions about Apple Card, you can contact support through your Wallet app by initiating Messages. Apple will use any information you share, including personal data, to process your request. If your inquiry must be sent to Goldman Sachs for servicing, Apple will share information about you and your inquiry with Goldman Sachs so that they may better help you. Apple will not retain any personally identifiable financial information that it sends to Goldman Sachs for servicing. You can also contact support directly with questions by calling 877-255-5923.\n\nClosing Your Apple Card Account\n\nIf you close your Apple Card account, information about your Apple Card account will remain in Wallet until you remove Apple Card from the Wallet app.\n\nUpdating Your Information\n\nYou can update your billing address in Wallet by editing the details associated with your Apple Card. You can also update your Apple Card account information by contacting Goldman Sachs. Goldman Sachs may share updated Apple Card account information with Apple for purposes of providing Apple Card services.\n\nApple Line of Credit\n\nApple Line of Credit is a feature of Apple Card. If you apply for Apple Card on apple.com, you may be eligible for the Apple Line of Credit feature and Apple may process some of your information differently from how information is processed if you apply for Apple Card on an eligible Apple device.\n\nIf you apply for Apple Card on apple.com and are eligible for Apple Line of Credit, your application information will be collected and submitted through the web. Information about your application phone number rather than your device may be sent to Apple for identity verification and to prevent fraud. In addition, Apple will collect browser type and IP address at the time of application and Apple and Goldman Sachs will use the information to prevent fraud. If Goldman Sachs needs additional information to process your application, unlike when you apply for Apple Card on an eligible device, information about your application will not be stored on your device while additional information is provided. To help improve Apple Line of Credit, Apple collects information about the application process relating to the Apple Line of Credit feature of Apple Card.\n\nApple Line of Credit may be used to conduct transactions with Apple only. When paying with Apple Line of Credit, Apple uses your zip code or other equivalent information to enable tax and shipping cost calculation. Your virtual payment account number, shipping address, and email address may be used to process your transaction. Apple Line of Credit does not use precise location information.\n\nApple may communicate with you by email and through other channels you use to contact Apple. Unlike Apple Card, Apple will not send messages about Apple Line of Credit to your device using information known only to you and your device and not Apple. You may opt out of Apple Line of Credit marketing messages by clicking the unsubscribe link in a marketing email.\n\nIf you have questions about Apple Line of Credit, want to update your personal data, or to close your account, you can contact support by calling 877-255-5923. Support functionality by initiating Messages through Wallet app can be accessed after provisioning Apple Card to an eligible device.\n\nApple Card Web Portal\n\nYou can manage Apple Card and the Apple Line of Credit feature using the Apple Card web servicing portal by signing in to card.apple.com with your Apple Account. To make a payment, you may provide information about the bank account from which a payment will be made. This information is used only to process your payment. Apple will collect information about actions you take on the portal, such as whether you schedule or made a payment, and use that information to fulfill your request or for troubleshooting and similar. Apple may share certain information collected with Goldman Sachs where necessary to fulfill your request. Information about your use of the portal that cannot be linked to you may be used by Apple to improve Apple Card.\n\nMore Information\n\nApple may use your Apple Card-related information as required to comply with law or prevent fraud, even after you have closed your account. Apple may also share information about your relationship with Apple with our service providers, who are obligated to handle the information consistent with this notice and Apple instructions, are required to use reasonable security measures to protect any personal data received, and must delete the personal data as soon as they have completed the services unless retention is required by law.\n\nApple may share your information with Goldman Sachs as required by law and for fraud prevention. Apple may also receive Apple Card-related information about you from Goldman Sachs for fraud prevention purposes. You can learn more about how Goldman Sachs protects your personal information by reviewing their privacy policy, available at https://www.goldmansachs.com/privacy-and-cookies. Neither Apple nor its affiliates is a bank and this notice is in addition to any notices you may receive from Goldman Sachs.\n\nWhere Apple acts as a data controller with respect to the processing of personal data described in this notice, such activities are provided by Apple Payments Services LLC, an Apple wholly owned subsidiary, unless otherwise noted. By using Apple Card, you agree and consent to Apple’s and its subsidiaries’ and agents’ transmission, collection, maintenance, processing, and use of your information as described above.\n\nAt all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
 en.SECOND_BULLET = "Goldman Sachs, Apple Card’s issuing bank, and Mastercard, Apple Card’s global payment network, receive your Apple Card transaction information, but do not share or sell your transaction information to third parties for marketing or advertising."
 en.SPLASH_SHORT_TITLE = "Apple Card"
 en.SPLASH_SUMMARY = "Apple Card is designed to protect your privacy and security so that you can focus on your financial health."

```
