## Enhanced Logging

> `FileSystem/Applications/Enhanced Logging.app/Localizable-DEDescriptions.loctable`

```diff

 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_ACTIN_TITLE = "Heart Rate from AirPods"
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_BERYLLIUM_CONTENT = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your Atrial Fibrillation Burden percentage for the previous weeks were established on your iPhone / Apple Watch. The generated data includes the details of your beat-to-beat measurements for the prior 10 weeks, Atrial Fibrillation burden classifications, date and time for the beat-to-beat-measurement, and weekly percentage of the beat-to-beat measurements spent in Atrial Fibrillation.\n\nThe log collection period is approximately 5 minutes. The logs will include current and historic log data dating from when you first began using the logs related to your use of this feature. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues with the features and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than the life of the device plus 10 years.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmissions, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://www.apple.com/privacy/."
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_BERYLLIUM_TITLE = "Atrial Fibrillation Burden Consent"
-en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_CYCLE_TRACKING_CONTENT = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your menstrual cycle and fertility window estimates are established on your iPhone / Apple Watch. The generated data includes the details of your cycle information logged on device and other details including, for example, birthdate, menstrual flow, spotting, cycle factors (pregnancy, lactation, and contraceptive use), ovulation test results, period predictions, fertile window predictions, and menstrual deviations. In addition, if you have used Apple Watch, the data may include heart rate measurements, the details of your wrist temperature on device, associated system state changes such as bluetooth, Wi‑Fi, and cellular activity data; system power; sleep state; and wrist state changes. These logs may include data that could personally identify you.\n\nThe logs will include current and historic log data dating from when you first began using the logs related to your use of this feature. You will be able to turn off logging at any time while the logs are being collected by tapping the close icon (x) and selecting “End Upload” to exit the logging session. You can also turn off logging by navigating to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session \u003e tap the close icon (x) \u003e and select “End Upload”. You will be able to review the log files prior to sending them to Apple. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues with the features and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than the life of the device plus 10 years.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmissions, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://www.apple.com/privacy."
-en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_CYCLE_TRACKING_CONTENT_WAPI = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your menstrual cycle and fertility window estimates are established on your iPhone / Apple Watch. The generated data includes the details of your cycle information logged on device and other details including, for example, birthdate, menstrual flow, spotting, cycle factors (pregnancy, lactation, and contraceptive use), ovulation test results, period predictions, fertile window predictions, and menstrual deviations. In addition, if you have used Apple Watch, the data may include heart rate measurements, the details of your wrist temperature on device, associated system state changes such as bluetooth, WLAN, and cellular activity data; system power; sleep state; and wrist state changes. These logs may include data that could personally identify you.\n\nThe logs will include current and historic log data dating from when you first began using the logs related to your use of this feature. You will be able to turn off logging at any time while the logs are being collected by tapping the close icon (x) and selecting “End Upload” to exit the logging session. You can also turn off logging by navigating to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session \u003e tap the close icon (x) \u003e and select “End Upload”. You will be able to review the log files prior to sending them to Apple. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues with the features and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than the life of the device plus 10 years.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmissions, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://www.apple.com/privacy."
+en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_CYCLE_TRACKING_CONTENT = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your menstrual cycle and fertility window estimates are established on your iPhone / Apple Watch. The generated data includes the details of your cycle information logged on device and other details including, for example, birthdate, menstrual flow, spotting, cycle factors (pregnancy, lactation, and contraceptive use), ovulation test results, period predictions, fertile window predictions, menstrual deviations, menopause, perimenopause, and non-menopausal status data. In addition, if you have used Apple Watch, the data may include heart rate measurements, the details of your wrist temperature on device, associated system state changes such as bluetooth, Wi‑Fi, and cellular activity data; system power; sleep state; and wrist state changes. These logs may include data that could personally identify you.\n\nThe logs will include current and historic log data dating from when you first began using the logs related to your use of this feature. You will be able to turn off logging at any time while the logs are being collected by tapping the close icon (x) and selecting “End Upload” to exit the logging session. You can also turn off logging by navigating to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session \u003e tap the close icon (x) \u003e and select “End Upload”. You will be able to review the log files prior to sending them to Apple. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues with the features and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than the life of the device plus 10 years.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmissions, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://www.apple.com/privacy."
+en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_CYCLE_TRACKING_CONTENT_WAPI = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your menstrual cycle and fertility window estimates are established on your iPhone / Apple Watch. The generated data includes the details of your cycle information logged on device and other details including, for example, birthdate, menstrual flow, spotting, cycle factors (pregnancy, lactation, and contraceptive use), ovulation test results, period predictions, fertile window predictions, menstrual deviations, menopause, perimenopause, and non-menopausal status data. In addition, if you have used Apple Watch, the data may include heart rate measurements, the details of your wrist temperature on device, associated system state changes such as bluetooth, WLAN, and cellular activity data; system power; sleep state; and wrist state changes. These logs may include data that could personally identify you.\n\nThe logs will include current and historic log data dating from when you first began using the logs related to your use of this feature. You will be able to turn off logging at any time while the logs are being collected by tapping the close icon (x) and selecting “End Upload” to exit the logging session. You can also turn off logging by navigating to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session \u003e tap the close icon (x) \u003e and select “End Upload”. You will be able to review the log files prior to sending them to Apple. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues with the features and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than the life of the device plus 10 years.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmissions, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://www.apple.com/privacy."
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_CYCLE_TRACKING_TITLE = "Cycle Tracking Consent"
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_DOCUMENT_DATE = "Date"
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_DOCUMENT_NAME = "Name"

 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_MINDFULNESS_TITLE = "Mindfulness app: Follow Your Breathing"
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_NEBULA_CONTENT = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your sleep apnea is detected and breathing disturbances are established on your iPhone and Apple Watch. The generated files may include information such as sleep apnea detection state, breathing disturbance value, the start and end date used to compute the value, historical accelerometer data, user motion history, system time zone history, wrist state history, charger state history, sleep focus and sleep schedule history, app launch history for certain health-related apps (such as the Health app or the Sleep app), sleep samples, and respiration rate samples, present on your watch and phone that were generated in the last 7 days. In addition, if you agree to this consent, Apple Watch sysdiagnose logging will be enabled on your device. The sysdiagnose logs may include information such as your name, your username, your email address and email settings, features enabled on your Apple Watch, the apps you use while logging is enabled, file paths, file names, downloads, network connection information, and other details including health feature availability, state (e.g., whether you onboarded or enabled the feature), settings for certain Health features (e.g., Heart Rate settings), limited Cycle Tracking data, and ECG app usage data. These logs may include data that could personally identify you.\n\nThe logs will include current and historic log data dating from when you first began using this feature. You will be able to turn off logging at any time while the logs are being collected by tapping the close icon (x) and selecting “End Upload” to exit the logging session. You can also turn off logging by navigating to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session \u003e tap the close icon (x) \u003e and select “End Upload”. You will be able to review the log files prior to sending them to Apple. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues with the features and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than the life of the device plus 10 years.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmission, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_NEBULA_TITLE = "Sleep Apnea / Breathing Disturbances"
-en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_OPTICAL_CONTENT = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your heart rate is established on your Watch. The generated files may include data such as logs indicating motion, wrist sensor data and logs from algorithms used to determine heart health features, heart rate measurements (workout heart rate, breathe heart rate, resting heart rate, sleep heart rate, blood oxygen heart rate, and background heart rate), high/low heart rate alert information, wrist state (on/off wrist), workout data (such as heart rate and calorimetry), blood oxygen saturation level, barometric pressure, sessions state changes, beat-to-beat heart rate measurements, optical sensor data (such as indicative of heart rate and wrist detection), heart rate notification settings, sleep related settings and results, and respiration rate data. These logs may include data that could personally identify you.\n\nThe logs will include current and historic log data dating from when you first began using the logs related to your use of this feature. You will be able to turn off logging at any time while the logs are being collected by tapping the close icon (x) and selecting “End Upload” to exit the logging session. You can also turn off logging by navigating to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session \u003e tap the close icon (x) \u003e and select “End Upload”. You will be able to review the log files prior to sending them to Apple. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than the life of the device plus 10 years.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmissions, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
+en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_OPTICAL_CONTENT = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your heart rate is established on your Watch. The generated files may include data such as logs indicating motion, wrist sensor data and logs from algorithms used to determine heart health features, heart rate measurements (workout heart rate, breathe heart rate, resting heart rate, sleep heart rate, blood oxygen heart rate, and background heart rate), high/low heart rate alert information, wrist state (on/off wrist), workout data (such as heart rate and calorimetry), blood oxygen saturation level, barometric pressure, sessions state changes, beat-to-beat heart rate measurements, optical sensor data (such as indicative of heart rate and wrist detection), heart rate notification settings, sleep related settings and results, respiration rate data, bluetooth discovery updates, and heart rate sources (device). These logs may include data that could personally identify you.\n\nThe logs will include current and historic log data dating from when you first began using the logs related to your use of this feature. You will be able to turn off logging at any time while the logs are being collected by tapping the close icon (x) and selecting “End Upload” to exit the logging session. You can also turn off logging by navigating to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session \u003e tap the close icon (x) \u003e and select “End Upload”. You will be able to review the log files prior to sending them to Apple. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than the life of the device plus 10 years.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmissions, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_OPTICAL_TITLE = "Optical Features Consent"
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_PRISM_CONTENT = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with how your Apple Vision Pro applies your prism Rx and helps Apple to improve its products and services. The generated logs may include information such as data about your optical inserts including prescription values, data relating to the position of your eyes relative to Vision Pro, accessibility and comfort settings, your prism Rx values, and the location where you first activated the Digital Prism Correction Feature. In addition, if you agree to this consent, Apple Vision Pro sysdiagnose logging will be enabled on your device. The sysdiagnose logs may include information such as your name, your username, your email address and email settings. These logs may include data that could personally identify you.\n\nThe logs will include current and historic log data. You will be able to turn off logging at any time while the logs are being collected by tapping the close icon (x) and selecting “End Upload” to exit the logging session. You can also turn off logging by navigating to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session \u003e tap the close icon (x) \u003e and select “End Upload”. You will be able to review the log files prior to sending them to Apple. Your data will be retained for as long as necessary to troubleshoot issues with the feature and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, but no longer than 10 years after the logs are sent to Apple.\n\nBy agreeing to this consent, you are consenting to Apple’s and its subsidiaries and agent’s collection, use, transmission, and processing of the content of data as necessary to identify and troubleshoot issues with this feature, as well as needed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Your data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. You may revoke consent at any time by exiting the application during logging.\n\nAt all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
 en.ELS_HEALTH_CONSENT_PRISM_TITLE = "Digital Prism Correction Feature"

 en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_TESTGENERATOR = "Test Logs"
 en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_TESTGENERATOR_DESCRIPTION = "No information will be collected from this device."
 en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_TESTGENERATOR_SENSITIVE_INFORMATION = "Log collection will wait for a period before continuing to the upload stage. No logging information will be collected from this device for this session."
+en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_THREAD = "Thread Diagnostics"
+en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_THREAD_DESCRIPTION = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with your device and help Apple improve its products and services. These logs may contain some of your personal information, including about your Wi-Fi network name, border routers in Thread networks, technical parameters of your Thread network such as network identifiers, hardware and IP addresses of devices participating in your Thread network. At all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
+en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_THREAD_DESCRIPTION_WAPI = "This diagnostic session collects logs that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with your device and help Apple improve its products and services. These logs may contain some of your personal information, including about your WLAN network name, border routers in Thread networks, technical parameters of your Thread network such as network identifiers, hardware and IP addresses of devices participating in your Thread network. At all times, information received by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
+en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_THREAD_SENSITIVE_INFORMATION = "Thread logs that may include IP address, accessory data, and thread network health and stability metrics."
 en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_TYPOLOGY = "Typology Logs"
 en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_TYPOLOGY_DESCRIPTION = "This Enhanced Logging Typology session generates files that allow Apple to troubleshoot issues with your device and help Apple to improve its products, services, and technologies. Tapping the “Send to Apple” button will send typology logs on the device’s keyboard usage to Apple.\n\nThe generated files may contain some of your personal information, including any information you type on the keyboard and text predictions made by the keyboard which may include words stored in your personalized dictionary. If you edit text that was previously typed on the keyboard, the generated files may contain the line of text you edited during the Enhanced Logging Typology session. If you enable the Enhanced Logging Typology session, it will automatically turn the logging on, and this data will be captured for 10 minutes. You can repeat the Enhanced Logging Typology session up to 5 times if the issue did not occur. The data will not leave the device unless you tap the “Send to Apple” button and send the log results. Do not type any personal, sensitive or confidential information while the Enhanced Logging Typology session is active. You will be able to review the typology logs at the end of the Enhanced Logging Typology session. You can turn off the Enhanced Logging Typology session by going to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements \u003e View Enhanced Logging Session and tapping “X”. Alternatively, you can tap the blue diagnostics icon in the status bar in the top left corner of your screen, and then tap “X”.\n\nBy enabling the Enhanced Logging Typology session and sending the typology logs to Apple, you consent to Apple’s use of the content of such files in accordance with Apple’s privacy policy, which is available at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/."
 en.ENHANCED_LOGGING_TYPOLOGY_SENSITIVE_INFORMATION = "Text you type on the keyboard, text near the cursor, words from your personalized dictionary…"

```
