## FreeformSettings

> `FileSystem/System/Library/PreferenceBundles/FreeformSettings.bundle/CreatorStudioLicense.loctable`

```diff

 en.Part1 = "ENGLISH"
-en.Part10 = "D. Availability. The Service, and/or any feature or part thereof, may not be available in all languages or in all countries and Apple makes no representation that the Service, or any feature or part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular location. Some features may vary by region. To the extent you choose to access and use the Service, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws. Apple and its licensors reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any part of the Service at any time without notice. In no event will Apple be liable for the removal of or disabling of such access. Apple may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain features or benefits of the Service, in any case and without notice or liability. "
+en.Part10 = "D. Availability. The Service, and/or any feature or part thereof, may not be available in all languages or in all countries and Apple makes no representation that the Service, or any feature or part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular location. Some features may vary by region. To the extent you choose to access and use the Service, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws. Apple and its licensors reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any part and/or feature of the Service at any time without notice. In no event will Apple be liable for the change, removal of, or disabling of such access. Apple may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain features or benefits of the Service, in any case and without notice or liability. "
 en.Part11 = "E. Requirements. The Creator Studio Apps, the Service, and/or any feature or part thereof, may not be available on, or compatible with, all devices. Use of the Creator Studio Apps, the Service, and/or any feature or part thereof, may require compatible devices, compatible operating systems, internet access, and certain software (fees may apply); may require periodic updates; and may be affected by the performance of these factors. The latest version of required software and/or hardware may be required for certain features. You agree that meeting these requirements is your responsibility."
-en.Part12 = "F. Apple. As used in this Agreement, “Apple” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Apple Media Services Terms."
-en.Part13 = "2. Content and Third-Party Integrations."
-en.Part14 = "A. Content. Apple may make content available to you through the Service, or through the Creator Studio Apps, such as images, themes, templates, audio, video, and 3D assets, that is owned by Apple or by third parties (“Content”). Title and intellectual property rights in and to Content displayed by or accessed through the Service or the Creator Studio Apps belong to the respective Content owner and may be protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties and may be subject to terms of use of the third party providing such Content. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Apple Media Services Terms, the Additional Terms, or in the Service you may use Content on a royalty-free basis to create your own original projects for personal and commercial use. "
-en.Part15 = "B. Content Restrictions. You may not:"
-en.Part16 = "(i) republish, retransmit, reproduce, or otherwise use Content solely as standalone files outside of the Service or the Creator Studio Apps;"
-en.Part17 = "(ii) incorporate Content into a logo, corporate ID, trademark, or service mark;"
-en.Part18 = "(iii) use Content in a pornographic, defamatory, or otherwise unlawful manner, whether directly or in context or juxtaposition with other material or subject matter;"
-en.Part19 = "(iv) use Content for training, testing, or evaluating, any machine learning or artificial intelligence models, tools, algorithms, image generators, or other software programs."
+en.Part12 = "F. Age Restrictions. Certain features of the Service provided by Apple and/or third parties may be subject to age restrictions. Such age restrictions may vary by region. Apple and such third parties reserve the right to modify age restrictions at any time without notice."
+en.Part13 = "G. Apple. As used in this Agreement, “Apple” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Apple Media Services Terms."
+en.Part14 = "2. Content and Third-Party Integrations."
+en.Part15 = "A. Content. Apple may make content available to you through the Service, or through the Creator Studio Apps, such as images, themes, templates, audio, video, and 3D assets, that is owned by Apple or by third parties (“Content”). Title and intellectual property rights in and to Content displayed by or accessed through the Service or the Creator Studio Apps belong to the respective Content owner and may be protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties and may be subject to terms of use of the third party providing such Content. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Apple Media Services Terms, the Additional Terms, or in the Service you may use Content on a royalty-free basis to create your own original projects for personal and commercial use. "
+en.Part16 = "B. Content Restrictions. You may not:"
+en.Part17 = "(i) republish, retransmit, reproduce, or otherwise use Content solely as standalone files outside of the Service or the Creator Studio Apps;"
+en.Part18 = "(ii) incorporate Content into a logo, corporate ID, trademark, or service mark;"
+en.Part19 = "(iii) use Content in a pornographic, defamatory, or otherwise unlawful manner, whether directly or in context or juxtaposition with other material or subject matter;"
 en.Part2 = "APPLE INC."
-en.Part20 = "C. Models and Properties. If you use Content featuring a model or property in connection with a subject that would be unflattering or controversial to a reasonable person, you must accompany each such use with a statement that indicates that: (i) such Content is being used for illustrative purposes only; and (ii) any person depicted in such Content, if any, is a model."
-en.Part21 = "D. Notice of Removal. Apple may receive notice from a third party that Content is subject to a claim of infringement of another’s right. In such case, Apple will attempt to notify you through the Service, Creator Studio Apps, Service webpage, or through other electronic means that certain Content has been removed from the Service and should no longer be used for any reason. If already in use by you, such Content should be removed from such use immediately; further use may subject you to a claim from such Content’s rights holder."
-en.Part22 = "E. Content Availability; Updates. Apple, at its discretion, may make changes to the availability of Content, and/or make available future updates to the Content, provided by the Service or the Creator Studio Apps at any time. Apple is not obligated to provide for, and does not guarantee, the availability of any specific Content. By using the Service, you understand and agree that Apple may automatically modify, add, remove, or delete any Content. "
-en.Part23 = "F. Prompts, Inputs, and Outputs. You will not use or prompt the Service, or features within the Service, in a manner that you know or reasonably should know, generates, or is intended to generate, content that is unlawful, harmful or infringes, misappropriates or violates the rights of Apple or others. Furthermore, you warrant that you have all necessary rights and licenses to use the information that you input to the Service. You should evaluate the outputs generated by artificial intelligence for accuracy and appropriateness for your use case, including using human review as appropriate, before using or sharing the outputs from the Service."
-en.Part24 = "G. Third Party Materials. The Service may display, include, or make available content, data, information, applications, software, services, or materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links to certain third party web sites. By using the Service, you acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites. Apple, its officers, affiliates, and subsidiaries do not warrant or endorse and do not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any Third Party Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you."
-en.Part25 = "H. You understand that by using the Service, you may encounter content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and which content may or may not be identified as having explicit language. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Service at your sole risk and that Apple shall have no liability to you for content that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable."
-en.Part26 = "3. Miscellaneous"
-en.Part27 = "A. The Apple name, the Apple logo, Apple Creator Studio, Pages, Keynote, Numbers, Final Cut Pro, Compressor, Logic Pro, MainStage, Pixelmator Pro, Motion, and Freeform and other Apple trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the Service are trademarks or registered trademarks of Apple in the U.S. and other countries throughout the world. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks."
-en.Part28 = "B. Contract Changes. Apple reserves the right at any time to modify this Agreement and to add new or additional terms or conditions on your use of the Service. Such modifications and additional terms and conditions will be effective immediately and incorporated into this Agreement. Your continued use of the Service will be deemed acceptance thereof."
-en.Part29 = "C. Entire Agreement. With the exception of the Apple Media Services Terms  and the Additional Terms, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Apple and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements with respect to the same subject matter between you and Apple. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. Apple’s failure to enforce any right or provisions in this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such or any other provision. Apple will not be responsible for failures to fulfill any obligations due to causes beyond its control. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement, the Apple Media Services Terms, or the Additional Terms, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail."
+en.Part20 = "(iv) use Content for training, testing, or evaluating, any machine learning or artificial intelligence models, tools, algorithms, image generators, or other software programs."
+en.Part21 = "C. Models and Properties. If you use Content featuring a model or property in connection with a subject that would be unflattering or controversial to a reasonable person, you must accompany each such use with a statement that indicates that: (i) such Content is being used for illustrative purposes only; and (ii) any person depicted in such Content, if any, is a model."
+en.Part22 = "D. Notice of Removal. Apple may become aware, or receive notice from a third party, that Content may be subject to a claim of infringement of another’s right. In such case, Apple will attempt to notify you through the Service, Creator Studio Apps, Service webpage, or through other electronic means that certain Content has been removed from the Service and should no longer be used for any reason. If already in use by you, such Content should be removed from such use immediately; further use may subject you to a claim from such Content’s rights holder."
+en.Part23 = "E. Content Availability; Updates. Apple, at its discretion, may make changes to the availability of Content, and/or make available future updates to the Content, provided by the Service or the Creator Studio Apps at any time. Apple is not obligated to provide for, and does not guarantee, the availability of any specific Content. By using the Service, you understand and agree that Apple may automatically modify, add, remove, or delete any Content without notice."
+en.Part24 = "F. Prompts, Inputs, and Outputs. You agree to use the Service and any artificial intelligence tools integrated into and/or available as a part of the Service in a responsible manner. You will not input information, use or prompt the Service, or features within the Service, in a manner that you know or reasonably should know, generates, or is intended to generate, content that is unlawful, harmful or infringes, misappropriates or violates the rights of Apple or others. Furthermore, you warrant that you have all necessary rights and licenses to use the information that you input to the Service. You should evaluate the outputs generated by artificial intelligence for accuracy and appropriateness for your use case, including using human review as appropriate, before using or sharing the outputs from the Service. Use discretion before relying on generated content. You are responsible for your use of generated content. You will not use any outputs generated by any artificial intelligence feature or third party models integrated within the Service for training, testing, refining, improving, benchmarking, or evaluating an artificial intelligence or machine learning algorithm, model, tool, image generator, or other software program. You agree not to use the Service to make automated decisions without appropriate human supervision where required by law."
+en.Part25 = "G. Third Party Materials. The Service may display, include, or make available content, data, information, applications, software, services, or materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links to certain third party web sites. By using the Service, you acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites. Apple, its officers, affiliates, and subsidiaries do not warrant or endorse and do not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any Third Party Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you."
+en.Part26 = "H. You understand that by using the Service, you may encounter content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and which content may or may not be identified as having explicit language. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Service at your sole risk and that Apple shall have no liability to you for content that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable."
+en.Part27 = "3. Miscellaneous"
+en.Part28 = "A. The Apple name, the Apple logo, Apple Creator Studio, Pages, Keynote, Numbers, Final Cut Pro, Compressor, Logic Pro, MainStage, Pixelmator Pro, Motion, and Freeform and other Apple trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the Service are trademarks or registered trademarks of Apple in the U.S. and other countries throughout the world. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks."
+en.Part29 = "B. Contract Changes. Apple reserves the right at any time to modify this Agreement and to add new or additional terms or conditions on your use of the Service. Such modifications and additional terms and conditions will be effective immediately and incorporated into this Agreement. Your continued use of the Service will be deemed acceptance thereof."
 en.Part3 = "APPLE CREATOR STUDIO TERMS AND CONDITIONS"
-en.Part30 = "EA1988"
-en.Part31 = "10/16/2025"
+en.Part30 = "C. Copyright. Unless otherwise noted, the Service and Content provided by Apple are copyrights of Apple Inc. and its subsidiaries."
+en.Part31 = "If you believe that any Content available through the Service infringes a copyright claimed by you, please contact Apple at https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/itunesstorenotices. This is the fastest way for us to process your notification of claimed infringement. The slower method to reach our designated agent and to process your notification is to send a proper and complete notification of claimed infringement to the mailing address listed below."
+en.Part32 = "Apple Inc."
+en.Part33 = "Attn: Copyright Agent"
+en.Part34 = "One Apple Park Way"
+en.Part35 = "MS: 1IPL"
+en.Part36 = "Cupertino, CA 95014"
+en.Part37 = "Phone: 408.996.1010"
+en.Part38 = "Email: copyrightnotices@apple.com "
+en.Part39 = "Apple has adopted a policy to disable and/or terminate in appropriate circumstances the accounts of users who are found repeatedly to infringe or are repeatedly claimed to infringe the copyrights of others. As part of implementing such policy, Apple may in its sole discretion suspend, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who have been identified as repeatedly engaging in infringing activities or for other related reasons."
 en.Part4 = "THIS LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND APPLE SUPPLEMENTS THE APPLE MEDIA SERVICES TERMS (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND TOGETHER WITH THE APPLE MEDIA SERVICES TERMS GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE APPLE CREATOR STUDIO PRODUCT, SOFTWARE, SERVICE, AND WEBSITES (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE “SERVICE”). IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOLLOWING TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL AND/OR USE THE SERVICE AND, IF PRESENTED WITH THE OPTION TO “AGREE” OR “DISAGREE” TO THE TERMS, CLICK “DISAGREE”."
+en.Part40 = "D. Entire Agreement. With the exception of the Apple Media Services Terms  and the Additional Terms, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Apple and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements with respect to the same subject matter between you and Apple. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. Apple's failure to enforce any right or provisions in this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such or any other provision. Apple will not be responsible for failures to fulfill any obligations due to causes beyond its control. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement, the Apple Media Services Terms, or the Additional Terms, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail."
+en.Part41 = "EA2004"
+en.Part42 = "5/22/2026"
 en.Part5 = "Apple is the provider of the Service, which permits you to access and utilize certain apps (such as, Pages, Keynote, Numbers, Final Cut Pro, Compressor, Logic Pro, MainStage, Pixelmator Pro, Motion, and Freeform, collectively the “Creator Studio Apps”), services, benefits, and features only under the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement."
 en.Part6 = "1. General. "
 en.Part7 = "A. Applicable Terms. Except as specified in this Agreement, your use of the Service shall be governed by the latest Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions for the country or region in which you access the Service (the “Apple Media Services Terms”), which you may access and review at https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/ or the then current link. The Creator Studio Apps, and some features and/or content associated with the Service, may be subject to additional terms and/or restrictions, including, without limitation, the individual software license agreements for the Creator Studio Apps (collectively, “Additional Terms”).  By using the Service, you agree to be bound by this Agreement, the Apple Media Services Terms, and the Additional Terms."
-en.Part8 = "B. Your Use of the Service. You agree to use the Service only for purposes permitted by this Agreement, the Apple Media Services Terms, and/or the Additional Terms and only to the extent permitted by any applicable law, regulation, or generally accepted practice in the applicable jurisdiction. To the extent that the Service may be used to upload, reproduce, modify, publish, and distribute materials, it is licensed to you only for the upload, reproduction, modification, publication, and distribution of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to upload, reproduce, modify, publish, or distribute. If you are uncertain about your right to upload, copy, modify, publish, or distribute any material, you should contact your legal advisor."
+en.Part8 = "B. Your Use of the Service. You agree to use the Service only for purposes permitted by this Agreement, the Apple Media Services Terms, and/or the Additional Terms and only to the extent permitted by any applicable law, regulation, or generally accepted practice in the applicable jurisdiction. To the extent that the Service may be used to upload, reproduce, modify, publish, and distribute materials, it is licensed to you only for the upload, reproduction, modification, publication, and distribution of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to upload, reproduce, modify, publish, or distribute. If you are uncertain about your right to upload, copy, modify, publish, or distribute any material, you should contact your legal advisor. You may not, and you agree not to or enable others to, copy, analyze, extract, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt, modify, or create derivative works of the Service and/or any feature or part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law)."
 en.Part9 = "C. Usage Limits. Certain features of the Service provided by Apple or third parties may be subject to usage limits. Apple and such third parties reserve the right to modify usage limits at any time without notice. Exceeding any applicable limitation is prohibited and may prevent you from accessing certain features until the usage limit resets. Apple reserves the right to take steps Apple believes are reasonably necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with any part of this Agreement."

```
