## com.apple.onboarding.maps

> `FileSystem/System/Library/OnBoardingBundles/com.apple.onboarding.maps.bundle/Maps.loctable`

```diff

 en.BUTTON_TITLE = "About Apple Maps \u0026 Privacy…"
-en.FOOTER_TEXT = "Maps is designed to protect your information. We work hard to collect only the data we need to make your experience better. When we collect data, we believe it’s important for you to know what we’re collecting and why we need it.\n\nSign-In and Sync\n\nYou do not have to sign in to your Apple Account to use Maps. If you choose to sign in to your account and have two-factor authentication enabled, Maps will keep your data in sync across all your devices using end-to-end encryption. For example, your Pinned Locations, Recents, Visited Places, and Guides are encrypted end-to-end so Apple cannot read them. When you share your ETA with other Maps users, Apple cannot see the shared location.\n\nIf you are signed in, Maps will also use information associated with your Apple Account, such as whether you are an adult or a child, to determine if certain features are available to you. Maps does not store that information.\n\nLocation\n\nUse of your location is required for most Maps features to function optimally. Because your location can give away your identity, we convert precise locations to less-exact locations within 24 hours. When you use Maps for navigation, we convert precise locations from the beginning of your route to a less exact area.\n\nYou can disable the location-based functionality of Maps on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Maps \u003e Location, then tapping to turn off Precise Location. On Mac, go to System Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security, and in the Location Services list, click to turn off Maps. Certain Maps features such as turn-by-turn navigation will be unavailable if you disable this setting.\n\nIf Location Services is turned on, information about routing, traffic, and nearby points of interest will be used in an anonymous, aggregated form to improve Maps. You can disable this on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Location Services \u003e System Services and tapping to turn off Routing \u0026 Traffic.\n\nIf you choose to enable Visited Places, Maps will have access to information about the places you have visited recently, such as restaurants or parks. Only data about places you visit after you enable Visited Places will be shared with Maps. Your Visited Places are end-to-end encrypted and cannot be read by Apple. You can choose how long you want Maps to store your Visited Places, and you can change this retention period at any time in Maps by going to Library \u003e Visits and tapping Keep Visits to adjust the retention period.\n\nIf you choose to enable Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations, information about the routes you take frequently will be shared with Maps. When searching for routes to your destination, Maps may send one or more of your preferred and upcoming routes to Apple. Maps may also send one or more of your preferred and predicted routes to Apple in order to display these routes on the Maps Widget or to make suggestions about when you need to leave for your next destination. This information is not tied to your Apple Account, and we take steps within 24 hours to ensure Apple does not learn this is a preferred route or predicted destination.\n\nTo enable Visited Places or Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations features in Maps, you must enable Significant Locations \u0026 Routes and give Maps access to your current location. You can disable Visited Places or Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations within Maps by going to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Maps \u003e Allow Maps to Access \u003e Location \u003e Allow More Location Access, then clicking to turn off Visited Places or Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations. For more information about Location Services, including Visited Places and Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/location-services.\n\nUsing Maps\n\nWhen you use Maps, the following information is sent to Apple:\n\n• Time of your request\n• Device model and software version\n• Input language\n• Device location, if you have authorized Maps to access your location\n• Boundaries of the map area visible on your device\n• Interactions with Maps, including search terms and features you use, the places you view, and your interactions with notifications from Maps\n\nWe also collect data on application, device, and network configuration and performance when using Maps. Individual usage metrics are associated with an identifier that rotates multiple times per hour, and is not tied to your Apple Account. This means Maps cannot search for information about you based on an identifier linked to you or your device. Longer-lived identifiers are used for application performance, aggregate usage metrics, and to maintain the integrity of the service. These longer-lived identifiers are not attached to your Apple Account or other information that might identify you.\n\nAdditionally, when you use Maps to make a navigation or directions request, details about your route are sent to Apple, including:\n\n• Origin and current device location when you make the request and during your navigation session, if you have authorized Maps to access your location\n• Destination\n• Mode of transport, including whether you are connected to CarPlay\n• A random identifier, which is created when you ask for directions and exists for the duration of your navigation session\n\nIf you use EV Routing, the state of charge at the start of your EV Routing request and information about your vehicle’s charge during your trip also are sent to Apple. Additionally, if you have opted in to Improve EV Routing, Apple may use data from your electric vehicle when you request directions to optimize your trip, tell you when you need to charge your vehicle, and provide an estimated level of charge at the end of your route. This information includes battery capacity, state of charge, and other vehicle characteristics that may affect range. However, none of this information is tied to your Apple Account. For more information about EV Routing, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/improve-ev-routing.\n\nIf you use the Navigation features for Enhanced Navigation Accuracy, Refine Location, or AR Walking, Maps will use your camera and motion sensors to improve the accuracy of your position and heading and to help you orient yourself. This data isn’t stored and doesn’t leave your device. If you choose to turn on Improve AR Location Accuracy, data from your device’s camera about the size and shape of buildings and other physical features around you will be sent to Apple when you use Refine Location or AR Walking in Maps. This data is not associated with your Apple Account and does not identify you or others. You can disable Enhanced Navigation Accuracy by going to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Maps, going to the Directions section, tapping Walking, then tapping to turn off Enhanced. You can turn off Improve AR Location Accuracy by going to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements, then tapping to turn off Improve AR Location Accuracy.\n\nIf you use visual intelligence, Maps may provide information about businesses, landmarks, and other places of interest. When Maps provides that information, Apple may collect data about the recommended place of interest and your interactions with the information provided by Maps.\n\nApple may use information collected from your use of Maps to provide and improve Maps and other location-based products and services.\n\nYou have the choice to participate in Ratings \u0026 Photos, which allows you to publicly post ratings, photos, and other content to points of interest (“POIs”). Your photo submissions are linked to your Apple Account. For more information about Ratings \u0026 Photos, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/ratings-photos.\n\nYou can also choose to report issues to Maps using the Report an Issue feature. Some reports are linked to your Apple Account. For more information about Report an Issue, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/maps-report-an-issue.\n\nPersonalizing Maps\n\nMany personalized features in Maps, such as Visited Places, Parked Car, Time to Leave, Pinned Locations, and Suggestions (like upcoming destinations), are created using data generated on your device. This helps minimize the amount of data sent off your device.\n\nPreferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations requires sending preferred and predicted route geometry to Apple in order to suggest and fulfill navigation requests.This information is not tied to your Apple Account, and we take steps within 24 hours to ensure Apple does not learn this is a preferred route or predicted destination.\n\nAdvertising\n\nApple-delivered advertising in Maps allows you to discover relevant businesses and services using only contextual information. Where you go and the ads you see and interact with in Maps are not associated with your identity or your Apple Account.\n\nRelevant ads may be selected using your current search terms, view of the map while you search, and – if you give us permission – approximate device location. In addition, information about your device language, device type, OS version, and time of day may be used to serve ads to you.\n\nTo improve your ad experience, your device may use additional contextual information – such as the content you view or interact with during the course of a session – to decide which ad to display. This analysis happens directly on your device and is not sent to Apple Ads. We also use on-device logic to enforce age policy, advertising content and availability restrictions, and to comply with local laws.\n\nIf you allow Maps to access your location, Maps will only share your approximate location with Apple Ads in order to serve you geographically relevant ads in Maps. Regardless of your selection, your location is not shared with advertisers. You can disable the location-based functionality of Maps on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Maps \u003e Location, then tapping to turn off Precise Location. On Mac, go to System Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security, and in the Location Services list, click to turn off Maps. Certain Maps features such as turn-by-turn navigation will be unavailable if you disable this setting.\n\nInformation about the ads you view or tap is tied to a random identifier that rotates multiple times every hour and is never connected to your identity or your Apple Account.\n\nLearn more about Apple Advertising \u0026 Privacy at www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising.\n\nMaps Service in China\n\nThe Apple Maps product in China uses the mapping services from Amap Software Co., Ltd. You do not have to sign in with your Apple Account to use the Maps app in China, and your activity is associated with a series of random and rotating identifiers that are not tied to your Apple Account. Apple works with Amap to apply privacy-preserving techniques to obscure your location so that none of the collected information identifies you personally.\n\nThe License Plate Restrictions feature in China informs you of existing road network restrictions offering alternate routing options based on your license plate. Maps, working with Amap, finds routes that avoid restricted areas based on your license plate. Only information about which restrictions apply to your license plate is shared when you request a route so neither Apple nor Amap can see your actual license plate, and none of this information is tied to your Apple Account.\n\nSharing with Third Parties\n\nApple shares movement data, POI data, and aggregated user analytics with our partners. However, data is shared only if certain minimum thresholds are met, in order to prevent these partners from correlating this information back to any specific Maps user.\n\nWhen you see or interact with an ad, Apple shares non-personal information about ad impressions and interactions, as well as aggregated advertising metrics, with advertisers who place ads in Maps.\n\nIf you choose to enable CarPlay Route Sharing, when you use Maps to make a navigation request Apple will share details about your route with your vehicle to support vehicle navigation and driver assistance systems, including:\n\n• Origin and current device location when you make the request and whenever your route changes\n• Destination\n• Route line\n\nThis information is not tied to your Apple Account. Your vehicle’s use of the information is subject to the vehicle’s privacy policy. You can disable CarPlay Route Sharing for your vehicle by going to Settings \u003e General \u003e CarPlay \u003e My Car \u003e Route Sharing.\n\nWhen you Report an Issue within Maps relating to a third-party data provider, Apple may provide the third party with information from your reported issue in order to help fix it. Apple shares information with such third parties only when it’s necessary to fix an issue and first seeks to delete any information from which you can be identified.\n\nData that is sent to Apple may be processed and stored by trusted service providers.\n\nRetention\n\nWe do not collect or retain personal data associated with your Maps usage. If you have questions about your Maps usage, or would like to reach our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at www.apple.com/legal/privacy/contact.\n\nAt all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
+en.FOOTER_TEXT = "Maps is designed to protect your information. We work hard to collect only the data we need to make your experience better. When we collect data, we believe it’s important for you to know what we’re collecting and why we need it.\n\nSign-In and Sync\n\nYou do not have to sign in to your Apple Account to use Maps. If you choose to sign in to your account and have two-factor authentication enabled, Maps will keep your data in sync across all your devices using end-to-end encryption. For example, your Pinned Locations, Recents, Visited Places, and Guides are encrypted end-to-end so Apple cannot read them. When you share your ETA with other Maps users, Apple cannot see the shared location.\n\nIf you are signed in, Maps will also use information associated with your Apple Account, such as whether you are an adult or a child, to determine if certain features are available to you. Maps does not store that information.\n\nLocation\n\nUse of your location is required for most Maps features to function optimally. Because your location can give away your identity, we convert precise locations to less-exact locations within 24 hours. When you use Maps for navigation, we convert precise locations from the beginning of your route to a less exact area.\n\nYou can disable the location-based functionality of Maps on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Maps \u003e Location, then tapping to turn off Precise Location. On Mac, go to System Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security, and in the Location Services list, click to turn off Maps. Certain Maps features such as turn-by-turn navigation will be unavailable if you disable this setting.\n\nIf Location Services is turned on, information about routing, traffic, and nearby points of interest will be used in an anonymous, aggregated form to improve Maps. You can disable this on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Location Services \u003e System Services and tapping to turn off Routing \u0026 Traffic.\n\nIf you choose to enable Visited Places, Maps will have access to information about the places you have visited recently, such as restaurants or parks. Only data about places you visit after you enable Visited Places will be shared with Maps. Your Visited Places are end-to-end encrypted and cannot be read by Apple. You can choose how long you want Maps to store your Visited Places, and you can change this retention period at any time in Maps by going to Library \u003e Visits and tapping Keep Visits to adjust the retention period.\n\nIf you choose to enable Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations, information about the routes you take frequently will be shared with Maps. When searching for routes to your destination, Maps may send one or more of your preferred and upcoming routes to Apple. Maps may also send one or more of your preferred and predicted routes to Apple in order to display these routes on the Maps Widget or to make suggestions about when you need to leave for your next destination. This information is not tied to your Apple Account, and we take steps within 24 hours to ensure Apple does not learn this is a preferred route or predicted destination.\n\nTo enable Visited Places or Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations features in Maps, you must enable Significant Locations \u0026 Routes and give Maps access to your current location. You can disable Visited Places or Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations within Maps by going to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Maps \u003e Allow Maps to Access \u003e Location \u003e Allow More Location Access, then tapping to turn off Visited Places or Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations. For more information about Location Services, including Visited Places and Preferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/location-services.\n\nUsing Maps\n\nWhen you use Maps, the following information is sent to Apple:\n\n• Time of your request\n• Device model and software version\n• Input language\n• Device location, if you have authorized Maps to access your location\n• Boundaries of the map area visible on your device\n• Interactions with Maps, including search terms and features you use, the places you view, and your interactions with notifications from Maps\n\nWe also collect data on application, device, and network configuration and performance when using Maps. Individual usage metrics are associated with an identifier that rotates multiple times per hour, and is not tied to your Apple Account. This means Maps cannot search for information about you based on an identifier linked to you or your device. Longer-lived identifiers are used for application performance, aggregate usage metrics, and to maintain the integrity of the service. These longer-lived identifiers are not attached to your Apple Account or other information that might identify you.\n\nAdditionally, when you use Maps to make a navigation or directions request, details about your route are sent to Apple, including:\n\n• Origin and current device location when you make the request and during your navigation session, if you have authorized Maps to access your location\n• Destination\n• Mode of transport, including whether you are connected to CarPlay\n• A random identifier, which is created when you ask for directions and exists for the duration of your navigation session\n\nIf you use EV Routing, the state of charge at the start of your EV Routing request and information about your vehicle’s charge during your trip also are sent to Apple. Additionally, if you have opted in to Improve EV Routing, Apple may use data from your electric vehicle when you request directions to optimize your trip, tell you when you need to charge your vehicle, and provide an estimated level of charge at the end of your route. This information includes battery capacity, state of charge, and other vehicle characteristics that may affect range. However, none of this information is tied to your Apple Account. For more information about EV Routing, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/improve-ev-routing.\n\nIf you use the Navigation features for Enhanced Navigation Accuracy, Refine Location, or AR Walking, Maps will use your camera and motion sensors to improve the accuracy of your position and heading and to help you orient yourself. This data isn’t stored and doesn’t leave your device. If you choose to turn on Improve AR Location Accuracy, data from your device’s camera about the size and shape of buildings and other physical features around you will be sent to Apple when you use Refine Location or AR Walking in Maps. This data is not associated with your Apple Account and does not identify you or others. You can disable Enhanced Navigation Accuracy by going to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Maps, going to the Directions section, tapping Walking, then tapping to turn off Enhanced. You can turn off Improve AR Location Accuracy by going to Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security \u003e Analytics \u0026 Improvements, then tapping to turn off Improve AR Location Accuracy.\n\nIf you use Visual Intelligence, Maps may provide information about businesses, landmarks, and other places of interest. When Maps provides that information, Apple may collect data about your location, the recommended place of interest, and your interactions with the information provided by Maps.\n\nApple may use information collected from your use of Maps to provide and improve Maps and other location-based products and services.\n\nYou have the choice to participate in Ratings \u0026 Photos, which allows you to publicly post ratings, photos, and other content to points of interest (“POIs”). Your photo submissions are linked to your Apple Account. For more information about Ratings \u0026 Photos, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/ratings-photos.\n\nYou can also choose to report issues to Maps using the Report an Issue feature. Some reports are linked to your Apple Account. For more information about Report an Issue, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/maps-report-an-issue.\n\nPersonalizing Maps\n\nMany personalized features in Maps, such as Visited Places, Parked Car, Time to Leave, Pinned Locations, and Suggestions (like upcoming destinations), are created using data generated on your device. This helps minimize the amount of data sent off your device.\n\nPreferred Routes \u0026 Predicted Destinations requires sending preferred and predicted route geometry to Apple in order to suggest and fulfill navigation requests.This information is not tied to your Apple Account, and we take steps within 24 hours to ensure Apple does not learn this is a preferred route or predicted destination.\n\nAdvertising\n\nApple-delivered advertising in Maps allows you to discover relevant businesses and services using only contextual information. Where you go and the ads you see and interact with in Maps are not associated with your identity or your Apple Account.\n\nRelevant ads may be selected using your current search terms, view of the map while you search, and – if you give us permission – approximate device location. In addition, information about your device language, device type, OS version, and time of day may be used to serve ads to you.\n\nTo improve your ad experience, your device may use additional contextual information – such as the content you view or interact with during the course of a session – to decide which ad to display. This analysis happens directly on your device and is not sent to Apple Ads. We also use on-device logic to enforce age policy, advertising content and availability restrictions, and to comply with local laws.\n\nIf you allow Maps to access your location, Maps will only share your approximate location with Apple Ads in order to serve you geographically relevant ads in Maps. Regardless of your selection, your location is not shared with advertisers. You can disable the location-based functionality of Maps on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings \u003e Apps \u003e Maps \u003e Location, then tapping to turn off Precise Location. On Mac, go to System Settings \u003e Privacy \u0026 Security, and in the Location Services list, click to turn off Maps. Certain Maps features such as turn-by-turn navigation will be unavailable if you disable this setting.\n\nInformation about the ads you view or tap is tied to a random identifier that rotates multiple times every hour and is never connected to your identity or your Apple Account.\n\nLearn more about Apple Advertising \u0026 Privacy at www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising.\n\nMaps Service in China\n\nThe Apple Maps product in China uses the mapping services from Amap Software Co., Ltd. You do not have to sign in with your Apple Account to use the Maps app in China, and your activity is associated with a series of random and rotating identifiers that are not tied to your Apple Account. Apple works with Amap to apply privacy-preserving techniques to obscure your location so that none of the collected information identifies you personally.\n\nThe License Plate Restrictions feature in China informs you of existing road network restrictions offering alternate routing options based on your license plate. Maps, working with Amap, finds routes that avoid restricted areas based on your license plate. Only information about which restrictions apply to your license plate is shared when you request a route so neither Apple nor Amap can see your actual license plate, and none of this information is tied to your Apple Account.\n\nSharing with Third Parties\n\nApple shares movement data, POI data, and aggregated user analytics with our partners. However, data is shared only if certain minimum thresholds are met, in order to prevent these partners from correlating this information back to any specific Maps user.\n\nWhen you see or interact with an ad, Apple shares non-personal information about ad impressions and interactions, as well as aggregated advertising metrics, with advertisers who place ads in Maps.\n\nIf you choose to enable CarPlay Route Sharing, when you use Maps to make a navigation request Apple will share details about your route with your vehicle to support vehicle navigation and driver assistance systems, including:\n\n• Origin and current device location when you make the request and whenever your route changes\n• Destination\n• Route line\n\nThis information is not tied to your Apple Account. Your vehicle’s use of the information is subject to the vehicle’s privacy policy. You can disable CarPlay Route Sharing for your vehicle by going to Settings \u003e General \u003e CarPlay \u003e My Car \u003e Route Sharing.\n\nWhen you Report an Issue within Maps relating to a third-party data provider, Apple may provide the third party with information from your reported issue in order to help fix it. Apple shares information with such third parties only when it’s necessary to fix an issue and first seeks to delete any information from which you can be identified.\n\nData that is sent to Apple may be processed and stored by trusted service providers.\n\nRetention\n\nWe do not collect or retain personal data associated with your Maps usage. If you have questions about your Maps usage, or would like to reach our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at www.apple.com/legal/privacy/contact.\n\nAt all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy."
 en.SPLASH_SHORT_TITLE = "Apple Maps"
 en.SPLASH_SUMMARY = "Apple Maps (“Maps”) is designed from the ground up to protect your privacy. We do not collect personal data associated with your Maps usage."
 en.SPLASH_TITLE = "Apple Maps \u0026 Privacy"

```
